AT 11
A.M.
>>> BACK TO THE MURDER FOR HIRE
CASE THAT WE'VE BEEN FOLLOWING
FOR WEEKS, LAST NIGHT AT 10 YOU
HEARD AUDIO RECORDINGS THAT
MURDER FOR HIRE SUSPECT VALERIE
McDANIEL LEFT FOR CHANNEL 2
BEFORE HER SUDDEN SUICIDE.
>> TONIGHT CHANNEL 2
INVESTIGATOR JOEL EISENBAUM HAS
MORE OF THOSE AUDIO RECORDINGS,
INCLUDING WHAT SHE SAID HAPPENED
WHEN THE PLOT WAS TALKED ABOUT
AT A LOCAL OLIVE GARDEN.
>> I DIDN'T WAKE UP ONE DAY AND
JUST SAY, MAY, I WANT TO KILL MY
EX-HUSBAND.
>> Reporter: VALERIE McDANIEL,
THE WELL-KNOWN, WELL-TO DO
MONTROSE VETERINARIAN WHO WAS
IMPLICATED IN A MURDER FOR HIRE
PLOT BEFORE TAKING HER OWN LIFE.
SAYS SHE WAS SUSPICIOUS OF A
LAST-MINUTE CHANGE OF PLANS TO
MEET A SUPPOSED HIT MAN AND HIS
NEW COLLEAGUE.
>> THEY CALLED AT THE LAST
MINUTE AND SAID, HE WAS TOO
PIZZAY.
MEET AT OLIVE GARDEN.
WHICH WAS KIND OF A JOKE FOR US.
>> Reporter: IT WAS AT THIS
OLIVE GARDEN ON 59 AND BUFFALO
SPEEDWAY.
SHE SAYS SHE AND HER BOY FRIEND,
LEON JACOB, SAT DOWN WITH THE
ORIGINAL SUPPOSED HITMAN,
SOMEONE THEY HAD TALKED TO ON
SEVERAL OCCASIONS BY THIS POINT,
AND A NEW PERSON THEY HAD NEVER
MET, A MAN WHO WAS ACTUALLY AN
HPD UNDERCOVER OFFICER.
McDANIEL DIDN'T KNOW SHE WAS
TALKING TO POLICE AT THE TIME,
BUT SHE MOST CERTAINLY KNEW IT
WHEN SHE LEFT THIS RECORDING FOR
CHANNEL 2.
>> I HOPE PEOPLE KNOW AND I HOPE
HOPE - --
>> AT NO POINT DURING THE
RECORDING MADE OVER SEVERAL DAYS
BETWEEN McDANIEL'S RELEASE
FROM JAIL ON BOND AND HER DEATH
DOES THE McDANIEL EVER FLATLY
ADMIT TO WANTING HER EX-HUSBAND
DEAD.
INSTEAD, SHE PAINTS A PICTURE OF
ENTRAPMENT, SOMETHING POLICE AND
PROSECUTORS FIRMLY DISAGREE
WITH.
>> JUST IN, INVESTIGATOR JOEL
EISENBAUM JUST TRACKED DOWN THE
MAN THAT INVESTIGATORS SAY WAS
HIRED BY LEON JACOB TO CARRY OUT
THE MURDER OF HIS EX-GIRLFRIEND.
THIS MAN IS KNOWN AS ZACH, AS
YOU HEARD, AND HAS NOT BEEN
CHARGED IN THIS CASE.
>> BUT COURT RECORDS SHOW POLICE
FOUND ZACH AFTER A TIP FROM A
HOUSTON CITY COUNCIL MEMBER HO
WAS ALSO A BAIL BONDSMAN BY
TRADE.
OFFICERS THEN WORKED WITH ZACH
TO SET UP A STING.
HERE IS WHAT HAPPENED LESS THAN
AN HOUR AGO WHEN JOEL FOUND HIM.
>> Reporter: DID YOU TAKE MONEY
TO KILL ANOTHER PERSON?
>> I HAVE NO COMMENT AT THIS
TIME.
>> Reporter: ARE YOU COOPERATING
WITH POLICE RIGHT NOW?
>> I HAVE NO COMMENT AT THIS
TIME.
>> Reporter: ARE YOU EXPECTED TO
BE CHARGED IN THIS?
>> I HAVE NO COMMENT AT THIS
TIME.
>> Reporter: CAN I JUST TALK TO
YOU FOR ONE MOMENT?
>> I HAVE NO COMMENT AT THIS
TIME ABOUT NOTHING.
>> Reporter: CAN WE TALK TO YOU
FOR ONE SECOND?
>> WE'LL HAVE MUCH MORE ON THAT
TONIGHT AT 10:00 O'CLOCK.
WE HAVE JOEL'S REPORT YOU JUST